REFLECTION
Justina Gao, Joia Zhang 
Group 198
CSE 143 Final Project

What did you learn during this project?
===Justina=== 
I definitely learned it the hard way that there are many helpful libraries out there.
I also learned how to come up with alternative approach using the knowledge I have when encoutering
a challenging problem.
On the technical side, I learned more about html/css and how the internet and webpages
work in general. I also got some experience with the Python url library, beautifulSoup, and running
command lines in the terminal on my computer. 

===Joia===
The main focus of our project was the web scraping, since it was the main new component that we
introduced to the search engine, which we have done a homework assignment on. Before this, I knew 
nothing about html. I didn't even know that you could access any website's source code. I learned
that real web crawlers are complex. They're cool, but complex. We were able to use a form of
String manipulation to meet our web-crawling purposes. We managed to cook up programs that process the whole
source code as a String and extract useful information from it instead a true webcrawler. I learned how 
to use methods from the Jsoup library and how to connect the neccessary Jar file to jGRASP. 
I got some more practice with println debugging. I practiced using increasingly complex test cases 
to verify and challenge my code. I learned some basic syntax of python, and found that all of 
the concepts we learned in Java, like Maps, have python equivalences. They are just called different
names (I learned that Maps are called Dictionaries) and have a few different functionalities. 
I learned that you can actually do a lot with 14x material. There will most likely be an existing
library out there that can replace all of your code super elegantly, but those libraries probably
implement 14x material themselves. I learned more about how to work on a coding project with a 
partner and how extraordinarily fun it can be. We were not able to produce a fully working 
search engine in the weeks that we worked on this project together, but I have learned so much
from this project and enjoyed the whole ride. My partner and I are both looking forward to finishing
this project over the winter break because it has become our baby.

What did you enjoy during this project?
===Justina=== 
I could confidently say that I enjoyed every single second I spent on this project. I didn't have
any coding experience until I took CSE 142 and I really loved being able to use what I learned
in school to create something for the topics I feel passionate about. I really loved researching
how to do things/following tutorials, even though a lot of them didn't end up working and were
too advanced for me to understand lol.
I'm also super proud of myself for building the linkExtractor.java using everything I learned in 14X :)
Writing HTML/CSS code on CodePen.io was also super enjoyable because I got to see our 
little graphic representation coming together (I felt like a proud mother)
Also I really enjoyed hanging with Joia, Patrick the TA, and Nalu the TA in IPL.

===Joia===
I really enjoyed working on this project. I found it so exciting how there is a huge online community of
programmers that publish helpful resources from how to download a specific library, to the syntax
and functionality of a data structure, to what an error message means. I came into this project with
only 14x knowledge as well and I was pleasantly suprised how much we could actually do it. I really
enjoyed the process of thinking about the project: thinking about what components the project needs,
how each of the components will work together, and how ideas translate into code. And of course,
I loved working on this project with my partner Justina who is extremely hardworking and talented. We
hit up the IPL often and hung out with many of the awesome TAs of 143.

What did you find challenging or frustrating during this project?
===Justina===
To be honest, I was kinda frustrated with myself for not knowing how to do a lot of stuff :( 
When we first started working on the project, we followed along some webcrawling tutorials 
but then realized it was too advanced for us. Coming up with an alternative approach using
the knowledge we learned in class was quite challenging because we have a very ambitious goal
but limited knowledge. Another frustration I had was after writing the linkExtractor.java, I learned
that the python library could achieve very similar goals with under 10 lines of codes. (oh well)

===Joia===
Error messages that had to do with my computer being unable to find a library or system
related errors were the most frustrating for me. Debugging this felt more tedious than the
other forms of debugging, but this, of course, is an integral part of the experience of 
programming. At the end of the day, I learned more about how my computer works, that a 
path needs to be created to use a Jar file in jGRASP, and many system details of the sort.
I also learned of the names of other GUIs besides jGRASP. I might download myself an update.

What did you find particularly helpful for your learning during this project?
===Justina===
The TAs at IPL are very helpful for my learning during this project. They're 
always super patient! W3 Schools and Stack Overflow are also super helpful because
I got to learn new things from people online :) Many online tutorials are also 
very helpful and we made sure to include the sources in our code :)

===Joia===
The TAs for sure. We went to the IPL throughout the weeks that we worked on this project.
I was really impressed by the breadth of computer science knowledge that our TAs have. 
Many of them are familiar with Python, Mac OS Terminal, and the libraries that we used,
and all can debug like wizards. The internet is a good resource as well, but the internet
doesn't have the level of personalized help that the IPL provided. I did learn a lot by 
reading documentation of libraries and their methods, learning about html, and how to connect 
code with the web.


What We Would Do Next
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Turns out, we had a lot of fun working on this project. We learned a lot.
We learned basics of a new programming language, Python, worsened our 
eyesight from staring at our computers, risked downloading viruses
when searching for libraries to use, and grew tremendously from a process
of trial and error. 

Our group wants to see our project to the end to its fruition. So we'll
be continuing to work on it over winter break. Our next steps are as follows:

- Our various programs are written in both Java and Python, so we would like 
  to write them all in python. This way, we can run them all in the same main method
  and publish the finalized code to GitHub. (Rest assured, we know not to publish
  our Java version of Search Engine)

- Connect the different pieces of the program, so they can all be at the same time
  in a main method. 

- Produce a working website for the search engine

- Add additional functionalities such as sorting by date, or applying search filters such
  as campus or issue

